Add a requirement that plugins must be one of the recognized types (#149)
ansible-collections/overview: collection_requirements.rst

Modules & Plugins
------------------

> * Collections MUST only put plugin types recognized by ansible-core into the :file:`plugins/` directory at this time.  The recognized plugin types are listed on https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/plugins/plugins.html plus ``terminal``, ``modules``, and ``module_utils``.

Reviewer: The GitHub RST renderer does not know `:file:`:
```suggestion
* Collections MUST only put plugin types recognized by ansible-core into the ``plugins/`` directory at this time.  The recognized plugin types are listed on https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/plugins/plugins.html plus ``terminal``, ``modules``, ``doc_fragments`` and ``module_utils``.
```
Maybe we should also link to https://github.com/ansible/ansible/blob/devel/lib/ansible/plugins/loader.py and say that if something is supported there, but not included in the docs link and in our explicit list, it is also supported.

>   * The following collections have a temporary exception to use the ``plugin_utils``, ``cli_parsers``, ``fact_diff``, and ``validate`` directories for additional plugins during the 2.10 and 3.0 release cycles.  We will figure out a final policy which these collections will need to comply with before ansible-4.0:

Reviewer: 3.0 does not cover 3.1, 3.2, ... :)
```suggestion
  * The following collections have a temporary exception to use the ``plugin_utils``, ``cli_parsers``, ``fact_diff``, and ``validate`` directories for additional plugins during the 2.10 and 3 release cycles.  We will figure out a final policy which these collections will need to comply with before ansible-4:
```
